gh-135853: add `math.signbit` (#135877)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-06-24-10-23-37.gh-issue-135853.6xDNOG.rst

:mod:`math`: expose C99 :func:`~math.signbit` function to determine whether

> a floating-point value is negative. Patch by Bénédikt Tran.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`math`: expose C99 :func:`~math.signbit` function to determine whether
a sign bit of the floating-point value is set.  Patch by Bénédikt Tran.
```
